Update Exosphere volume mounting docs (#78)
jetstream-cloud/js2docs: docs/ui/exo/storage.md

### Accessing an Attached Volume

After successfully attaching a volume to an instance, Exosphere will display the mount point (`/media/volume/my-volume`) to which the volume is attached. This information can also be found on your Instance Details page or Volume Details page.

The mount point is the directory that represents the root of a volume's filesystem and is where you can access files stored in it.

#### Note for older Instances

> On older Instances (created before 2/10/2024), the device location (`/dev/sdb`) will also be displayed, and the mount point will match the device location (`/media/volume/sdb`).

Reviewer: N.B. to whoever merges, update this date if needed.

> On older Instances (created before 2/10/2024), the device location (`/dev/sdb`) will also be displayed, and the mount point will match the device location (`/media/volume/sdb`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On older Instances (created before 2024-02-08), the device location (`/dev/sdb`) will also be displayed, and the mount point will match the device location (`/media/volume/sdb`).
```
